feat(serverless): 502 errors (#4170)
scaleway/docs-content: serverless/containers/how-to/add-trigger-to-a-container.mdx

When a message is pushed to the selected queues, the container will be triggered with the message content passed in the event object's body.

<Message type="note">

>   **Retry Policy:** if the Container returns a status code >= 3XX it will send the message again up to 3 times.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  **Retry Policy:** If the Container returns a status code >=3XX, sending the message will be retried up to three times.
```

6. Enter a **name** for your trigger and select the **NATS (Scaleway)** type, then select your NATS account and subject name.
7. Click **Create trigger** to launch the trigger creation.

<Message type="note">

>   **Retry Policy:** if the Container returns a status code >= 3XX it will send the message again up to 3 times.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  **Retry Policy:** If the Container returns a status code >=3XX, sending the message will be retried up to three times.
```
